(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
BURCH: You can go.
But I'm afraid your money's
gonna have to remain.
This is gonna be
so much easier on everybody
if you just give me that component.
Darlin', the only thing
you're takin' from here is my heart.
So, now what?
You'll see.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
It was a pleasure doing business
with you, Sonny.
The Yellowjacket!
Capable of altering the size of the wearer
for the ultimate combat advantage.
-How close is he?
-He still can't shrink a live subject.
-(GOAT SQUEALING)
-(GASPS)
HOPE: Just give me the suit
-and let me finish this once and for all.
-HANK: No.
I have Cross' complete trust.
-It's too dangerous.
-We don't have a choice.
-I think I found a guy.
-Who?
Okay, we can try this and when he fails,
I'll do it myself.
You should be able to shrink and grow...
-on a dime.
-(ALARM BEEPING)
(SCOTT PANTING)
-(SCOTT GROANS)
-Useless.
-You have to know how to punch.
-I was in prison for three years.
-I know how to punch.
-Show me. Terrible.
You wanna show me how to punch?
Show me...
That's how you punch.
Hope trained in martial arts
at a difficult time.
By "difficult time,"
he means when my mother died.
HANK: We lost her in a plane crash.
It's bad enough
you won't tell me how she died.
Could you please stop telling me that lie?
We're working, here.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
HOPE: I was against using him when we
had months and now we have days.
I'm wearing the suit.
Absolutely not!
I know the facility inside and out.
I know how Cross thinks.
I know this mission better than anybody.
We need you close to Cross,
or this mission cannot work.
-We don't have time to screw around!
-HANK: Hope, please...
Hope!
Even now, he still wants to shut me out.
He doesn't wanna shut you out.
Then why are you here?
I'm expendable.
He would rather lose this fight
than lose you.
-(HANK GROANS)
-Dad!
Go get that suit.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
-When did this happen?
-Nothing's happening.
Whoa. Hold on.
Something's kind of happening.
Well, if that's the case...
shoot me again.
There's something I want to show you.
HANK: This is an advanced prototype...
that your mother and I worked on together.
She never got to use it.
But now I realize that
we were working on it for you.
It's about damn time.
You gave her wings?
I think it's possible
to bring your mother back.
The only chance we got is if the two
of you are out here protecting the tunnel.
HOPE: Hurry! We're running out of time.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
Oh, my God! Oh, my God! We're gonna die!
(GRUNTING)
(JANET SIGHS)
-(JANET EXCLAIMS)
-Mom.
So, Cassie, what do you want to be
when you grow up?
I wanna help people, like my dad.
-Really?
-I wanted to be his partner.
But he said he wants you.
I know what I must do.
Shred this universe down to its last atom.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(THANOS GRUNTS)